30 Minutes Human # 00061
Brat, Mother, Spoilt, Verbal Abuse, Korean Food
October 19, 2025

"Moooommmmm!! I want to go to the fucking Korean restaurant!!"
"Yes, Jason. Of course. We'll go there soon."
"But Mooooooommmmm, I want to go todayyyyy, I want to go now, fuck, why is that so hard to understand?!"
"I'm sorry, sweetheart. You're right. We'll go today."
"So why the fuck are we driving north, Mom?! You know where it is!! Are you fucking stupid? Come on!!"
"I got disoriented, sorry honey. Look, we can take a right here and head back."
"Hurry the fuck up, Mom!! I'm fucking starving!! What the Hell is wrong with you?!"
"I'm going, Jason. I'm going."
"Look at all those fuckers at the HappyBurger, that place is packed, all those fat fucking losers, poor fuckers, eat that lard!! Hahahahahah!"
"You're right, my baby. That's unhealthy. Maybe they can't afford any better, but even so—"
"What the fuck did you just say, Mom? Baby? Did you fucking call me your 'baby'? What the fuck have I told you about that? I'm so sick of your stupid bullshit, 'baby'? Mom, I'm fucking twelve years old, look at me, look at me! Fuck!!"
"Honey, I can't look, I'm driving, I have to be careful, sweetheart."
"Learn to fucking drive. It can't be that hard. I can't wait 'til I'm old enough to drive, so I don't have to put up with your stupid bullshit."
"I'm sure you'll be an amazing driver, sweetheart. You'll be the best."
"Fuck yes, Mom. And you're gonna buy me a sweet fucking Ferrari, or so help me God, Mom."
"I don't know if we can afford a Ferr—"
"WHAT THE FUCK?! FUCK YOU! YOU CAN'T AFFORD!? WHAT THE FUCK ARE YOU DOING WITH THE MONEY DAD LEFT, ARE YOU FUCKING STUPID?! OF COURSE YOU CAN AFFORD IT, WE'RE RICH!"
"Sweetheart, please don't screech like that. I mean, don't yell like that. It's bad for your throat."
"I'LL YELL IF I FUCKING WANT!! LISTEN! EEEEEEAAAAAAGHHH AAAAAAHHHH FUUUUUUUCK!! FUCK FUCK FUCK! I'M FUCKING HUNGRYYYYY!"
"Sweetheart, you're going to hurt yourself. Please. If you stop we can order delivery tonight from wherever you like."
"Of course we're fucking ordering delivery, you idiot. You think that was up to you? We agreed to this last week, Mom! You think you're gonna back out of our deal, do you?!"
"No, honey, of course not, we can order whatever you like. Why don't you have some soda? Is it still cold? Would you like a new one from the cooler?"
"Yeah, the soda's fine, Mom. If I want another soda, I'll get it myself. I'm not an idiot like you."
"Don't drink too much, though, because then you'll be full of soda and won't want any—"
"I'll drink however much I fucking wanna drink, Mom! You think I can't—holy shit, Mom, you blew that red light!! You wanna fucking kill me?"
"I'm sorry, sweetheart, my doll, I was distracted, it won't happen again, I promise."
"Your doll?! You think 'doll' is better than 'baby'? Are you that fucking dense, you dumb nut? Just focus on driving, don't hit anything, get us alive to the fucking Korean place!"
"We're going, honey. Look, we're going back south now. We'll be there very soon. Do you know what you'd like?"
"Hell yeah. I'd like the bulgogi, and some fucking seafood pancake, and some Korean chicken wings, hell yeah."
"That sounds delicious! I think I'll have the chicken—"
"I don't give a shit what you'll have, Mom! Who cares! Just drive us there! I can't fucking deal with you sometimes."
"Jason, sweety, did you have your pills this morning? I put them right by your juice, like I always do."
"I think so, Mom. How the fuck am I supposed to know? I probably took them, yeah."
"It's just that sometimes you get a little testy when you don't have the pills, my prince. I think it's bad for you not to take them. So I was just wondering."
"Oh, you think I'm being fucking testy? Is that it? Fuck you, Mom. Fuck those pills. They give me a headache."
"But the doctor said that if you drink enough water that wouldn't happen. Maybe you could drink a little less soda, he did tell us that. And a little more water."
"Fuck water, Mom. Soda's a liquid, isn't it? And it's mostly water! What sort of quack are you trying to play, Mom? You're not a fucking doctor, and fuck that guy, too. The soda's fine. Dealing with your stupid bullshit is probably what gives me a headache."
"That's not what I meant, sweetheart. Ooh, look at this traffic."
"Traffic?! You drove us into fucking traffic? With so many roads in this fucking town and you bring us to this fucking knot in the road? Can't you use one of the map apps like Waze or something? Why's it always so fucking hard with you, Mom? Fuck!!!"
"It's not really traffic, it's not really traffic, my prince. I don't know why I said that. I'm so silly sometimes. Look, we're moving!"
"Silly? I'm silly to put up with your shit. You're just a moron."
"Honey, I wanted to ask—"
"Look at that poor fucker with his shopping cart! Did you see that shit!? The cart fucking collapsed, the wheel broke off! What a fucking loser! All his shit spilled out!! Oh shit, I wish I had my phone, I would've recorded the dumb fucker! Look at him kicking his shit around and screaming!! Hahah what a loser! Mom, did you fucking see that?? Mom!!"
"I must've missed it, darling. It must have been very funny. I love to hear you laugh, my prince."
"Mom, you're an idiot. Just be quiet and drive."
"I just wanted to ask you, honey—"
"What, Mom! What the fuck did you want to ask?! Why can't you just shut the fuck up! It's no surprise dad decided to keel over dead, with all the shit he had to deal with, most of it coming from your dumb ass!"
"Please don't say that, Jason."
"Whatever, Mom."
"Son, I just need to know... well, you know your half-birthday is coming up, and I was wondering if you'd prefer the trip to Six Flags, or if you'd rather go for the new TV, I know you're very excited about getting it."
"Are you shitting me? Are you shitting me?! We said both!! Why the fuck not both? Why the fuck? Are you fucking backing out on me now? Remember that it's always two fucking presents for my half-birthday, Mom, and I've been fucking clear about that!! Why are you so damn dense!?"
"Sweetheart, please don't kick the car seat. I know how much you hate having it dirty, and it'll take me some time to have it cleaned, and I know you don't like that, my little angel."
"WHAT IF I WANT TO KICK IT, MOM!? WHAT IF I FUCKING WANT TO? YOU'LL HAVE IT CLEANED TODAY! THIS VERY FUCKING AFTERNOON!!"
"Sweetheart, Jason, please don't—"
At that moment, the car Jason and his mother were in plowed into the edge of a concrete barrier. They both died instantly. Jason went to Hell. The End.

[Author's notes: I knew how this one was going to end from when I was 2-3 minutes in. There's obvious inspiration here from the likes of South Park, American Horror Story: Freakshow, etc., but what blows my mind is how many real kids behave like this. Moms are both a treasure and a gem. The little shit should go to Hell thrice over.]
