30 Minutes Human # 00055
Magic Lamp, Hatred, Wishes, Destruction, Death
October 10, 2025

Be very careful what you wish for. That's the lesson that Jacqui, a young boy from a village in the south of France, irreversibly learned one early August afternoon after finding an old oil lamp in a hollow under a mossy boulder some distance from where he lived.
The lamp looked almost clichéd: the sleek, curved body, the elongated forward spout, the embellished handle on the back, the round golden lid. It was straight out of an Aladdin movie, had the movie been made on a low budget that forced low-end props, and he almost ignored it and threw it aside.
He should've.
He didn't.
Instead, Jacqui walked around with it for a while, the lamp loosely hanging from his fingers, and then he tied it to one of his belt loops and headed in a general roundabout direction that would eventually take him back home.
He didn't want to go to his village, though. He was bored of being there, bored of everything it implied. The sameness there had become maddening, and although he didn't know much of anywhere else outside of what his TV screen showed, he knew that there had to be more out there than... this.
The landscape around him was beautiful. Rolling fields, blossoming orchards, healthy vibrant trees, cattle and sheep safely scattered about, paths used by occasional automobiles and bicycle riders, blue skies, puffy clouds. Even the cabins looked nice from the outside, and his knowledge of how monotonous they were from within didn't change the beauty of what surrounded him.
He was coming to hate it, though.
Arriving at a rise above a small hamlet of maybe fifteen houses he looked down upon the place and decided to make a wish with the lamp. He rubbed its surface as he'd seen Aladdin do, waited for the genie to appear, and even when it didn't he decided to wish that the small settlement before him would go up in smoke, that it would vanish from the world before him.
Jacqui then proceeded to collapse almost head-first into the clump of flowers to his side.
He awoke there a few hours later. The sun was about to set, and the yellows, oranges and reds made for a sight that would otherwise have been a sight to behold. There was something wrong about it, however. The smell of smoke was so uncomfortable that it had probably been what had woken him, and it was very warm around him, even for August. The red in the sky was unreasonably red. Something burned.
He slowly got up, dimly realizing that the oil lamp was still hanging from his pants. The small hamlet below him was as a feeling in the back of his mind suspected: in flames, the entire thing now little more than a pile of ashes and a bed of smoke.
What had happened here? He tried to remember what he could from the preceding hours, but it was all dark, as if his memories had been taken from him. Not even excesses in alcohol had ever produced such a memory lapse. Then he lifted his hands to examine himself, caught a whiff of something, smelled deeper, and knew fear.
There was nobody screaming from below. Nobody yelling for assistance, no firefighters or neighborhood watches approaching to help. The hamlet had been burned off the face of the earth, nobody seemed to care, and he stank of gasoline.
To Jacqui's credit, the thought of helping did cross his mind. However, the conflagration before him was well beyond what he might be able to put out by himself, even if he'd had the equipment. Moreover, if he was doused in gasoline—no, that wouldn't do, it wouldn’t do at all. Best to stay away. Best to leave.
Jacqui walked off, his path parallel to the coastline. He had so many things on his mind that he didn't even think, he just walked. He remembered the wish he'd made. He remembered it perfectly. And he knew that it was the last thing he remembered.
After an hour of wandering—he was no longer moving in the general direction of his home, because he didn’t care to be—he sat on the lone stump of a hillock, untied the lamp from his belt loop, and inspected it. Had this worked some dark magic on him? He hadn't actually wished to damage the hamlet; that had been a frustrated moment but not an expression of true desire. However, the coincidence between his wish and its decimation was inescapable.
He then did something foolish. Jacqui was young, and was both less mature and less intelligent than he thought he was. He took a laissez-faire approach to life and the world around him, an approach that was in diametric opposition to his daydreams of grandeur. Being this far away from the scene of disaster, he'd forgotten the reality that he was now dealing with.
Jacqui polished the side of the lamp, waited a moment for the invisible genie, and then wished that some beautiful blonde-haired girl would choke on it while giving him a blowjob fit for legends. He fell off the stump immediately, and by mere chance didn't brain himself on a nearby stone when falling on the ground.
He awoke in the same position. He blinked a couple of times and for a moment stared at the sky, realizing the idiocy of what he'd done, wondering what he would find. He realized that his pants were down—way down, to his knees, and this made him scramble to his feet in order to fix them. As he dressed himself properly he saw the girl.
She was lying on her stomach, her face to the side, eyes open, lips blue. Her arms were under her but bent upwards, as if they'd been, until the end, clawing or pushing around her face or neck.

[Author's notes: Started to write this one at almost 11pm. I've told myself not to do that, but this would've made three days in a row without, and I didn't want a 3-day streak. I don't particularly care for Jacqui the character, and though the concept of an "evil" lamp like this one has its appeal, this could've been better executed.]
