30 Minutes Human # 00054
Flowers, Friends, Hypotheses, Deliveryman, Mistake
October 6, 2025

She had no idea who'd sent it. Three possibilities popped into her mind immediately: Pedro, Johnson, and Levi. They were the likeliest, but it could be from somebody else, of course. It could be from anybody else. Maybe somebody she didn't know. Maybe a stalker. Ooo.
"Who's it from?!" shrieked Wanda, almost steamrolling her in order to take control of the bouquet. She went through the flowers, the vase, and the wrapping carefully, and ultimately took a step back with some dismay. "Nothing," she said, dejected. "No clues."
"There was a card, doofus," said Bellie, holding it up. It was a small, standard-sized foldable with a bit of relief around the edges. Wanda grabbed for it, but Bellie whisked it out of the way. "Nuh-uh. Calm down. This is mine."
Wanda put her hands on her hips, fists closed, and gave her an angry look. "Fine. What does it say? I do want to see it afterwards."
Knowing her friend, Bellie took a couple of cautions steps back, then read aloud: "For the daintiest dame around. Flowers that can't hope to match your beauty."
"And the signature!!?" exclaimed Wanda.
"No such thing," responded Bellie, giving her the card.
Wanda ripped it out of her hand and checked, dejectedly confirming the text and the lack of a signature after flipping the card around several times.
"Damn! Is it Pedro?"
"I don't know!! I know what you know, all I have is this card."
Julia had been standing aside watching the exchange and finally decided to step in. "Look. It can be Pedro. It can also be Levi. And Johnson. Maybe even Mike."
"Or that girl from the store you say is always flirting with you," said Nat from the back, piping in.
"I don't think it's Levi," said Wanda. "He's too much of an asshole. And too stuck-up. And not romantic. And Johnson wouldn't do it."
"Why not Johnson?" asked Julia. "I could see it happen."
"Too much of a move for him. Come on, girl. He's wound too tight."
"Maybe it's the sort of thing he'd like to do but doesn't have the balls or the personality to do it," yelled Nat from the back. She was reading something off her computer screen, but seemed to be more plugged into the conversation than into whatever text was trying to get her attention.
"Maybe," said Bellie. "But you never know with guys. They surprise you sometimes."
"You don't want it to be Pedro, do you?" asked Julia. "I still don't get what you have against him."
"Nothing!" retorted Bellie, stressing the 'g' at the end of the word. "I'm just considering all options."
"What about the girl?" asked Nat. "The one with the overalls. What was it, redhead, green eyes, curvy? You were all about that."
"No," said Bellie. "I don't think so. No, doesn't add up. I mean, maybe. But I doubt it." Then she hesitated a moment and said, "I hope not."
"So who do you hope?" asked Wanda. "Johnson?"
"What about Mike?" Julia wasn't letting that one go. "He's a bit of a wildcard here. We don't have a lot of background on him. But we know he likes you."
"I don't know that Mike likes me," lightly responded Bellie.
"Wait, did you just blush? You blushed? You like Mike? You want it to be Mike?!" Wanda was acting as if she'd just had four espressos in one sitting. "Holy moly, you like Mike!!"
"I mean. I think he's cute. But no," said Bellie. "I guess maybe I think I'd like it to be Johnson. Maybe. Or maybe it's just whom I think sent it. Yeah."
"So you like him best?" asked Julia. "I thought..."
"No, I don't necessarily like him best. I just think it might be him."
"Because you like Mike best," grinned Wanda.
"Put them somewhere nice!" yelled Nat. "Use the vase with the thick glass. The—you know the one."
The threesome continued to debate the point while unpacking the bouquet, finding the vase, trimming some of the stems, and getting the water level just right. They didn't have much to go on for their hypotheses, so the conversation went in circles. Nat didn't contribute much once intriguing suggestions stopped surfacing.
"They always notify the sender when they send flowers. Maybe whoever sent it found out. Maybe he texted me. But like, casually," ventured Bellie. "Like he texts 'what's up' but really he wants to know if I got the flowers and what I think of them."
She was studying her phone from a distance, as if confident that it held the answer to the riddle that puzzled them. Upon checking it, however, her shoulders slumped.
"Nothing. Maybe they're all asleep, it's early on a Saturday."
"It's 10am," responded Wanda.
Before she could say more, the buzzer rang. It was the flower deliveryman again. They let him up, and while the elevator arrived the room was filled with an electricity of chatter that the average man would struggle to understand.
When Bellie opened the door, half-expecting five more bouquets and a giant teddy bear, all she found was the deliveryman. He was short, skinny, swarthy, and sported a mustache that didn't quite have enough life in it to be convincing.
"Ma'am, I'm sorry. I made a mistake. Well, not me. The delivery girls. They put 406, but it was 604. I need the flowers back."
The young man's mother, father, grandparents, pet, future children, and general descendant set were all immediately cursed by a verbal stream of aggression from Wanda so foul that Nat wondered if the house should be exorcized afterwards. Julia stood stone-faced, staring at empty space somewhere between the man's face and the peephole, and Bellie said, with a thin, high voice, "Yes, of course. Let me fetch it."
Bringing the vase to the deliveryman, she said, "We took the packaging apart, but if you want, the woman at 604 can hold on to my vase. You can ask her to bring it to me when the flowers die." As she handed the card over, she added, "She must be beautiful."
The man received it all and started to say something, but Julia shut the door in his face. Then she turned to look at her friend, who now looked small and pale, a long way from the ebullient, rosy-cheeked Bellie who'd filled the room just a minute earlier. Even Nat, who was normally difficult to pry from her screen, had walked over to the entrance to the apartment.
"Gee, I'm sorry, Belle," said Nat. "That kinda blows. Though you know—I think Pedro, Levi, the overalls girl, Johnson, and Mike would send you some flowers if they felt just a bit more inspired."
"I guess I don't inspire them enough," said Bellie with a soft voice. Her face scrunched up into a grimace and tears welled up by her eyes.

[Author's notes: I was seven minutes in when I was interrupted for a similar amount of time, and the direction of this piece changed irreversibly. I kinda like Nat.]
