30 Minutes Human # 00052
Wonkus, Soss, Wyn, Ant, Transformation
October 2, 2025

"Don't just stand there, you little turd. Look at me."
The wonkus splonked on the fiddle and laughed.
"Did you not understand me, you major wanch? Was I not abundantly clear? Abundantly?!"
The wonkus glanced at Reek and giggled. Then xe splonked some more.
"I will have your head, and your gills, and you little-tee-gibbles!"
The splonking just got worse. Reek wondered if he would end up soaked in soss, but wondered only distantly.
"So you choose to stand there, ey? You choose it despite my veritable warnings!"
Hibby's eyes kept going back and forth between the two. He knew that Reek hadn't much recourse other than posturing, and posturing with this particular wonkus wasn't achieving anything.
"You have been warned a final time!!!"
The wonkus started moving in such a way that Hibby knew he'd also end up sossed if he stuck around. He liked Reek, but the wyn had overstepped here, and would thus be solely responsible for the mess that was about to befall him. Best of luck and good-bye, then.
Hibby turned and walked down the lane, the smell of the rutties and the daisies wafting up to meet his sizeable nostrils. If he'd been sossed, he wouldn't have been able to smell any of this for days, no sir. That wouldn't do. It was better to leave.
A panhandle flew over the path before him, its blue-gray curve showing stark before the deep bring pink morning sky. He remembered when panhandles had been something new and exciting, and was suddenly struck by a clear note of nostalgia and even longing; if this place no longer surprised him, if it no longer held mystery and celebration, what was the point of staying?
The impact of this thought on his mood was like a hard blow to the beaner, and spotting a boulder on the reddish lane he sat on it to ponder. As he did, he heard the sound of many a gallon of soss exploding into the air and coating everything within a twenty-meter radius. Reek had gotten what he'd sought. The wyn's wailing would begin soon, well after the wonkus' crystallization, but that no longer troubled Hibby. Now he had to think about future surprise, about magic and mirth, and about the possibility that there might be no more of it at all.
As he gazed at the floor, his enormous pachidermal paws on his jowly forehead, he saw a line of ants carrying tiny leaves in perfect syncronicity from one fence to the other. There was nothing special about these ants, save for the racing stripes, but he'd long ago stopped remarking on those.
The thought came to him after a few moments. If this world up here started to offer little in the way of excitement, if he could no longer be thrilled by its daily offerings, he might as well just shrink! He'd shrink to the size of ants to enjoy daily swens on the fennie and move leaf bits around and, above all, enjoy the tunnels. The land beneath Hibby was well-known to be riddled with tiny pathways both teeny and tiny, and he'd explore it. Yes, that he would!
He leapt up with joy, and not a moment too late; soss had sneakily been running down the path to meet him, and he only just managed to get off the boulder before it became soss-coated and generated a carrot. No thanks, sorry Reek—and he was off.
As he skipped down the path, the slightly humid dust underfoot receiving and preserving each of his pawprints, a snet of panhandles approached his position from behind, from the boorish rounded hills he no longer cared about. Sure, Reek and his personality, and the fiddle, and the wonkus were all back there, but that no longer mattered.
No, what mattered was the ant colonies in the reddish ground, the idea of going up and down and left and right, sticking to the ceiling, walking on the wall, being one with the many racing-striped ants as they all went about their daily ant duties before having those glorious last few moments before the fennie absorbed them.
Would he be absorbed himself? The very thought of it excited him, and at that moment a whiff of dailybread—there was a shrub of it right behind the fence to his right—sent his flooies flying and he found himself chuckling uncontrollably.
He would be absorbed, absorbed by a fennie?! That was an adventure beyond any other, and anything else, even the recent notion that a wonkus courtship might be the most fun he would have in life, seemed dull and dreary, if not outright quaint.
He didn't see much of the minutes that followed, so lost was he in his flight of fantasy. When he eventually came to, he was surrounded by the burrow cubes, and he knew he'd arrived at a Defining Moment. He found the cube he needed and opened the door.
"Hello, yolness, yolness!" he cried, stepping into the woodman's den. "Hellooo," he singsonged, his voice melodic despite his best intentions.
The woodman's voice was clear, though as ever, there was no visible sign of her. However, Hibby felt his joints and liver go numb, and then a coquetish little prick on his nibb, so he knew that his new host was very close.
"Nieaaa niaaaaa," said the mouth that materialized in the wall of logs before him, and both the logs and the wyn laughed. What a disguise, what form! Hibby laughed merrily, then laughed politely, and then knelt on the floor, eyes to the ground, and giggle-trembled while he was given the right to stand and bow. When the signal came, he did so willingly.
"Hibby, Hibby!" yeaned the old woodman, evidently very pleased with herself. "You are as fine and polite as ever, many wishes! Strand. Strand. Many wishes! And?"
Hibby smiled at the woodman. He'd only been this close to a woodman thirty-one times in the past, but felt oddly at-ease with the nephrenious figure. He was about to speak, but then thought the better of it and bowed once more.
This new bow, both unexpected and unnecessary, generated great ruckus from the woodman.

[Editing notes: I wrote this at 10:30pm and grew a bit sleepy while writing it, but like how it came out (I forgot to write the Author's Notes). It makes more sense than I anticipated.]
