30 Minutes Human # 00060
Full Bladder, Emergency, Restroom, Cookie Shop, Café
October 18, 2025

There comes a point at which a man must stop rejecting what is evident before him and accept the reality he is in. Milton Mallwood had come to that point. He couldn't lie to himself any longer, not about this.
He needed a bathroom, and he needed it now.
He knew that he'd had too much to drink. Not in terms of alcoholic content, of course; as a grown man, he was well past the point in his life when four beers would significantly impact his sobriety. But in addition to those four beers he'd also had three lemonades and a glass and a half of water. Hoo boy, was he was feeling it. It hurt. It was heavy. It needed out right now.
When the bladder is that full and uncomfortable it starts to send out troubling signals, and those signals can sometimes be confusing. This added another layer of complexity to Milton Mallwood's situation: he felt like he might also have to urgently go Number Two, but didn't know if that was feeling or reality.
Whatever the case, he needed somewhere to go. He was far from his home and that of his friends, and he had no relatives in this city.
Milton Mallwood, his bladder, and maybe his lower intestine were all alone in this mess. And Milton Mallwood had no interest in making a mess and a show, so he needed a restroom. No public humiliation for him, no sir. A man must have his dignity.
He stepped off the bus waddling like a slow fat duck. He was unable to stand properly, because rearing up to his full height—which was neither tall nor short, but as far as he was concerned, just fine—would stretch his bowels painfully. He wondered, not for the first time, if he might have to go on himself or risk a hefty fine (or even jail time!) and relieve himself on one of the walls or columns of downtown during the lunchtime rush.
No. He'd find somebody with a giving heart, he was sure of it. He identified the nearest friendly—looking business, a cookie shop by the name of Mookie's Kookies, and made his way inside. There was a man sitting on a stool in the back and working on something with a pad and pencil.
"Hello," said Milton Mallwood.
"Hi, hello. Come in! Welcome to Mookie's Kookies. How can I..." as the man stood and looked at his potential customer and saw the stoop and the discomfort of his grimace, his salesman's inspiration went out the window. "You alright, sir?"
"No, I mean, yes. I am. I'm fine. I just really, really need to use your restroom. Those cookies smell delicious, by the way. But can I use your restroom, please?"
The man looked at him. He looked at his untucked shirt, at his clearance-caliber jacket, at his khakis, and at his sneakers. He looked at the bald spot on his head, and involuntarily glanced outside to make sure to make sure that no actual customers were coming in. None were. One of his peaks was around 2:00 PM, and that was still over an hour away.
"No, I'm sorry. No restroom." He consciously skipped the 'sir'. "Sorry," he added with an air of finality.
"Please. I'm in pain, I had too much to drink—not booze, just water and lemonade and a couple of beers—and I really, really need to go."
"Sorry, sir. We don't have a bathroom to lend out."
The man from the cookie store, like any other man, had been in situations like Milton Mallwood's. But those situations were easy to forget when not immediately weightsome, and he didn't want this man, who might, for all he knew, be a drifter, in his shop. So although he did have a restroom, a very nice and clean and organized restroom, he was not going to be lending it out.
Milton Mallwood started to say something, but saw the futility in further insistence and simply turned and left. He vowed never to return to Mookie's Kookies as long as he lived. The idea to take a leak on the cookie counter had crossed his mind, but he knew that it might result in violence and authority involvement, so perhaps that was best avoided.
The next business was a salad bar, the type that was currently fashionable with younger office crowds. There were already about eight people in line, some of them younger women in the tight-fitting yoga pants that Milton Mallwood and his colleagues enjoyed watching for over an after-work drink.
Today he was not interested in yoga pants. He was merely interested in getting what felt like an enormous leaden hockey ball out of his insides, to get rid of the pain. The fact that more liquid was still trickling into his bladder crossed his mind, but he quickly dismissed it. Too-deep contemplation of that would result in agony both mental and physical, and he was interested in neither.
A few of people glanced at him when he stepped inside, and two did a double take. He thought that he was probably a sorry sight by this point; he'd best avoid this block for a while after today.
As he approached the cash register he saw a sign in clear bold text on the wall: 'WE DO NOT HAVE A RESTROOM FOR PATRONS, OUR APOLOGIES'.
Well, fudge. He wasn't even a patron, so any further steps here would be a waste of time, and time he lacked.
As he stepped out to the street he remembered a conversation he'd once heard on a movie or TV show, one where the characters were discussing the best public restrooms in the city they lived in. He remembered hotels coming up a lot. Perhaps he could find a hotel, use the hotel lobby WC?
He scanned the street and saw no hotels. Stores, cafés, restaurants, more stores. A café might work. Those were always full of people working and having their frapucchinis, or whatever they were called. Those people needed to pee, didn't they.
There were no cafés on his side of the block, and seeing an opening in traffic wide enough for the walking speed he was currently able to reach, he shuffled across the street. He distantly wondered if there was a risk of any leakage beginning soon. Surely there was a limit to how much his muscles down there could withhold.
The café, one of a popular chain with a logo featuring a happy reddish squirrel, was filling up, but there were still a few empty tables and seats. Warmly-dressed twenty-lates and thirty-earlies were importantly reading from or typing at their laptops, and each had an expensive steaming beverage on the table next to them. This counter here also had a line, and a number of pastries, beverage boxes, croissants, and sandwiches were on display. They probably had four times more bread than meat, those sandwiches. He didn't understand how people were fooled into paying for that kind of thing.
He identified a corner in the far end of the café that was likely to hold the restroom. A café restroom might not require permission from anybody to be used. No, he'd just go for it. Milton Mallwood made his way around tables, chairs, and patrons and reached the door. He felt that he was about to burst. He tried the doorknob.

[Author's notes: I had to go to the restroom from when I started writing. I also kinda like Milton Mallwood.]
