30 Minutes Human # 00062
Kidnappers, Wrappings, Unresponsive, Hesitation
October 22, 2025

"Romeo and Juliet is bullshit," he said morosely.
"Why do you say that?" He passed him the half-smoked joint, the cherry lazily glowing on its limp tip.
"Because people don't fall in love like that. I mean, they see each other and like each other and then maybe there's electricity and magnetism and such... but they don't fall in LOVE like that."
Piero just looked up at him, the small stool he was sitting on making for a throne-like dynamic.
"And everybody goes with it. Everybody loses their shit. They're kids. In real life, nobody would've taken it seriously."
"Yeah, but it escalates," said Piero. "It's not like the heads of the families go into the thing right off the bat. At the beginning it's just the kids, but then there's more kids, and then people get hurt."
"All horseshit. Again, that's not how it would go in real life."
"So now you know about love?" Piero had taken the joint back and took a drag as he looked up at his partner. "Since when?"
"Forget love. I've been a kid. And I know people. That's not how people operate."
"Right." Piero got up and stretched. "Let's go feed these rats."
Carlo followed him out of the small brick patio and back into the house. He went to check on their guests while Piero stepped to the kitchen to get everything ready for their lunch.
The six of them were more or less as they'd been left. He didn't envy them; they were scum and deserved all the hurt they were receiving. But he sure wouldn't want to be in their position, wrapped like a mummy in a cocoon (probably one metaphor too many) for days in a row.
"Food's coming, you fucks," he said. None of them moved or otherwise responded, so he kicked the nearest one in the leg. The kick was louder than it was hard, but it had the desired effect, and most of them stirred.
Piero was setting the funnel up on the first gourd when Carlo entered the kitchen. They made quick work of filling the six containers with the nutrient-rich sludge Del Mario had mixed and took them to the sixsome.
The first five offered no trouble. They were approached one at a time and nudged in the face with a shoe-tip. Then one of the two captors removed the tape from their mouth, stuck a straw in, and left the gourd there for about fifteen minutes. No mystery to it.
The last one Carlo approached, however, didn't react. It was one of the two women. He nudged her thrice with his foot, the third time rather roughly, and she didn't respond. When he ripped the tape from her mouth, he saw that her lips were a dark shade of purple.
"Hey," he hissed. Piero looked over, having just finished with the smaller of the four men. This one still had a bit of an attitude, and had spat the straw out twice before being reminded that there would be no third time, and that there would be no more food that day, either.
"What?" asked Piero.
Carlo gestured at the woman at his feet, shook his head, shrugged, threw up his hands, and looked wildly alarmed, all at the same time. Piero walked over, saw the shade of damson on her mouth, and started. His eyebrows shot up and his eyes went wide.
They looked at each other for a moment, and Carlo said, "This one's acting up. Let's take her out to the wine bath."
Piero understood the ruse. Together they lifted the woman and removed her from where she'd so far lain with her confederates, then took her to the couch in the living room. He gestured to Carlo that they should speak in the kitchen.
"Do you think it's real? What if it's an act?" asked Carlo when they were safely in the corner with the oven in it.
"I don't know. Should we unwrap her face to check her?"
"We're not supposed to. But we're also not supposed to have any of them die, and we are supposed to let them know if something bad happens... but we can't know if something bad happened unless we check her."
"Lesser of two evils," responded Piero. "We don't know if she's trying to play us, so be careful. I'll unwrap her, you stand behind me. Just in case."
Piero approached the prostrate woman, turned her, and slowly peeled the tape off the mouth once more. The lips remained purple. Then he started unwrapping the woman's head, always careful to stay as distant from her as possible.
Carlo stood a couple of paces back and watched his friend, always vigilant of the muscles on the woman's face. He didn't know to what extent he believed what people said about these snakes, but one couldn't be too sure.
After a couple of minutes the face bandages were almost entirely off. Piero let go of them for a moment and glanced back toward his partner.
"Are you ready?"
Carlo nodded, but took another half-step back and further hid behind Piero, so he could only just see her face over his partner's shoulder.
Piero drew his hand close to her visage, and the tips of his fingers went to her closed eyelids. Carlo thought she looked pale. Piero thought she felt cold, even without touching her. Neither was able to conclude the thought, however, because when Piero's fingertips were but a graze from her eyelids, they flew open and she spat violently and bodily in his face.

[Author's notes: I went for a run today before breakfast. I never do that; I've long been the type to work out at night. I've felt that run all day. I'm not sure how some people do the morning workout routine every day (the body can get used to anything, I guess). Regarding the story, I like how it goes from two potheads talking about Shakespeare, to two cruel kidnappers, to two guys who are clearly way in over their heads in what they're dealing with and who they've kidnapped.]
