30 Minutes Human # 00063
Blowjob, X-ray, Nurse, Seduced, Orgasms
October 25, 2025

"Can you help me with these invoices?"
Carla passed me a few slips of paper, most of them from some of the smaller vendors we relied on for equipment maintenance and different types of film. It wasn't really my job to do that, but the day hadn't been too busy thus far, so I was happy to help.
He walked in as I was filing the invoices away. I didn't pay much attention to him, given that Carla took his arrival; I merely gathered that he sought a lower-body x-ray. The guy was instructed to wait a couple of minutes, and that somebody would be right with him.
I remembered that I needed to replace the hangers in the hall closet and took care of that; by the time I was back out in the reception desk, the patient had already passed into the x-ray room.
Carla gestured in that direction and told me what he needed: a couple of pelvic-region shots, both standing. Nothing unusual about it. I went into the room and glanced at him as I closed the door.
He was young. Late 20s, my type back when I was that age. Evidently went to the gym. Had a light beard on, by choice, because he had the density and hair to easily grow it out more. I guess he liked that 5 o'clock shadow, and frankly, so did I. You're too old to be looking at boys like that, Jackie, I thought.
"Good afternoon," I said. He greeted me back. "Please remove everything but socks and underwear in the locker room across the hall and put this robe on, with the opening facing back."
He nodded and stepped out; I busied myself with the plates. When he returned a couple of minutes later, I told him to stand on the yellow square with his back straight and stand still.
I moved the machine to its correct position. It had to be adjusted properly and precisely, so as to capture the exact part of his pelvis that the requesting doctor had specified. I knelt before him to address that.
As I was tweaking the plane lever I glanced up at him. He was looking straight at me, straight into my eyes. When I met his he didn't blink, didn't look away. He simply looked at me.
Something stirred inside. Something that I hadn't felt in a while, not since Elmer. I smiled, caught off guard, and returned my attention to the work at hand.
I tried to focus on what I was doing but quickly glanced at him again. He was still looking at me, a hint of a smile playing on his face.
My lower lips twitched involuntarily. My nipples also hardened, and I found myself counting the three (four?) layers of clothing that I wore over them: uniform, blouse, bra... and nothing. Only three layers. Then I was his.
What? Why had I thought that? Jesus, Jackie.
"Don't look at me that way," I said, smiling like a silly schoolgirl.
I tried to go back to the x-ray machine, but he asked, "How would you like me to look at you?"
That's when his bulge moved. It didn't stir; it stood to attention. I knew that he was only wearing boxers and the medical robe... and that he was hard as a rock beneath that.
"I'm sorry," he said. I looked at the bump on the robe, then at him, then back at the robe. I realized that I was wet. 
"Can you help me with that?" he asked.
I've watched porn. It's not my thing, really, but Carlos liked to watch it together, and sometimes, when bored and a horny, I'd watch some myself. I knew the plots. This felt like a porn movie.
I couldn't help myself. I'd worked at this place for nine years, and at other places before, and I'd had my fair share of flirts, but this had never happened, and I'd never felt so out of control.
"Help you?" I asked dumbly. "How?"
The bulge hopped and rested higher than before. The man was fully erect, and he was fully erect for me. I stared at it, then looked up at him. He shrugged.
Nobody was coming in here. I knew that for a fact. What I didn't know was what got a hold of me. I reached out (or did my hand go by itself?) and rubbed it lightly. It responded. God, he was hard. Hard for me, for me. My mouth watered; I needed that dick.
I glanced at him, and he was looking at me the same way as before. I hadn't felt this naughty and full of possibility in a while—I couldn't get past how long ago it felt.
I rubbed it again, squeezed it. Looked up at him. Bit my lip. I was kneeling in front of an almost-naked guy who looked amazing, I was grabbing his cock through a medical robe, and I was so aroused that I was hardly in control of my own movements.
He pulled down his pants and boxers. I pulled my hand back and just stared at it. It was young, it was clean, and it was sticking straight out. He gently shifted my wrist and I found myself grabbing him. Hard. Hot. I started moving it. Back and forth. My underwear felt sticky.
"Maybe you can do it better with your mouth," he suggested.
I complied. I was his slut. Five minutes earlier I was at work; now I was sucking this complete stranger off, not ten meters away from where my boss sat, rifling through invoices. 
A light grunt escaped his lips, and for what felt like the thirtieth time I met his gaze. He leaned down, slid his hand down my cheek, the side of my neck, and the opening in my blouse, and then started lightly grazing my nipple. One nipple, then the other. I sucked harder and moved faster, and he felt bigger.
"Touch yourself with your other hand," he said. I did. I'd have to change after this, I thought. My finger slid in as if it were coated in lubricant, and the next moan came from me. I grabbed his ass. It was tight, perky, firm. I started going hard on my clit with two fingers and used my teeth lightly on his head.
I generally came easily when touching myself, and today was not going to be an exception. Despite myself, I started making a soft whining sound and rocking sideways.
"Don't stop," he said. I glanced at him, and saw that he was no longer looking at me but up at the ceiling. His cock felt like hot steel on my lips and tongue. He exploded down my throat and took me with him. I don't think I'd cum that hard in at least a decade, not even when riding Carlos or Elmer with them hard inside me, and somewhere in the back of my mind I was grateful the thickness of the walls and doors around us.

[Author's notes: I may have gone a minute over on this one. Inspired by an allegedly true story.]
