30 Minutes Human # 59
Festival, Ten Days, Frugality, Sick Child, Alone
October 16, 2025

It was time to party! It was time to celebrate all that had come that fine year, that extraordinary, good, fine year that had been given to them by the Bounty, and prepare for a year to come.
The people flowed out into the streets at dawn ten days before the Great Signal and cheered with one grand, unanimous voice, and their very joy and energy brightened the walls of the houses that lined the streets and gave strength to the cornstalks, the olive trees, and all the plants that surrounded the gay city.
Thus began the yearly celebrations of Thanks, Plenty, Patience, Joy, Contemplation, Frugality, Community, Nurture, Forgiveness, and Awe. One of them came each day, with the energy of the people ebbing and flowing depending on what the day represented; Thanks and Joy were moments of great happiness, while Contemplation, Frugality, and Forgiveness were quieter days, days in which streets were often lined with silent, pensive individuals who sometimes, despite their best efforts, let out small wails brought on by the theme of the day at hand.
Awe came at the end, and Awe was all that most of them really cared about, what they looked forward to. Awe was how the new year was received, and it was always going to be a year unlike any other, as it had been since any of them had memory. Awe was when all things were born anew and promise lay in every leaf, every dewdrop, every roof tile, and every bark from a neighborly dog.
* * *
Anis had always felt that it was a cruel thing that Community followed Frugality. Frugality, in her opinion, was the worst day, not only of the Ten, but of the year. Nobody spent anything, nobody gave anything, and the worst excesses of an ungiving people invariably floated to the surface then.
It wasn't that the people of En Aldo were ungiving, of course. It was that everybody, no matter how fine the soul or giving the heart, had a smidgen of miserliness in them, and all of it came forth, from everybody, once per year, four days before Awe.
Contemplation had become preparation for Frugality because nobody wanted to be lacking on that day. Nobody wanted the possibility of depending on their brother to have any chance of arising. Nobody wanted to be at risk of injury or necessity. Frugality had largely become a day in which the people sat in their homes and waited out the hours, largely keeping to themselves even in the closest of family circles.
That Frugality was followed by Community, then, was an almost evil irony. Community focused the giving, congenial, sharing nature of the people, and it was a beautiful day—or it would've been, if it wasn't immediately preceded by a day more frigid than the coldest of winter. Brothers, friends, cousins, and partners looked each other in the eye and acted like they loved each other and wanted nothing better than sharing time and space and all that the Bounty gave them, but in many cases the very previous day they had committed heinous injustices against each other. All in the name of Frugality.
And thus it would be this year as well. As Contemplation neared its end that year, Anis closed the shutters to her house, checked her stocks of food and daily supplies once more, and retired to her bedroom for the evening. Lish was asleep within his cot and looked as peaceful as ever. Thank the Bounty that Frugality was forgiven on children younger than walking age.
* * *
She awoke to a cry that came from a place of love but was unfamiliar. Lish was uncomfortable, what was it? She lit the room and looked to her child, and was stricken by dismay to see that he was red in the face, jerking his arms, his face half angry and half greatly uncomfortable.
"What is it, my child?" She picked him up and immediately felt his temperature. He was hot, very hot. He was sweating. Her child was not well.
As she had him in her arms the child vomited, and the vomit was clear white tinted with a hint of green. It smelled particularly acrid. There was something inside her child, something that threatened her Lish. That would not do; she had always been quick to act in those situations. This time would be no different. She would take him to the healer.
There was something croaky to his next cry that alarmed her. She must go now. She threw on herself what coverings she found  around, made sure to wrap the child as best she could, and ran out of the house with him in arms.
She was well down the street before she became aware of the silence around her. It was past the Hour.
She was in Frugality. There would be no healer.
A full day of this? Of her boy vomiting that color, that smell? Of him feverish, sweating, uncomfortable? What if his eyes became yellow again, like had happened once, on a date that suddenly felt very recent? What if that... ichor came from the corner of his eyes again?
The healing man had taken quick action, and even the wiser women of her family had breathed with relief when he'd applied the apogee herb to the child's brow.
But now there were no healers, and based on her cousin's experience a few years earlier, there were no wiser women, either. All backs were today turned in the name of Frugality.
Should she try? Go to the healer's, beg for mercy? No, he did not know her. One did not aid strangers in Frugality. And the women of her family... no, she was perhaps too young and proud for it, and decided against it. She'd not be put in her cousin's position.
The vomit might pass soon. She would give him clean water and perhaps a bit of mashed apple. She'd not feed him herself, no. That had been forbidden to her by the healer that night. 'Never when the child is ill; then it becomes poison.' She'd taken that to heart.
She returned toward her house, thinking of what she'd prepare for her Lish. It was only when she was a few steps away from the door that she realized that she didn't have her house-key; in her mad dash to get to the healer's she had left it on her shelf.

[Author's notes: This ended up pretty well, given that I had no idea where it was going at first. The key moment here was when I forced myself to list the Ten Days; I realized that there might be something in each of them and in the interplay between them. I would be interested to know where this one goes. Don't know why this is the second day in a row that I write about a sick child.]
