30 Minutes Human # 00053
Violent Attack, Enraged, Escape, Head Injury, Reliable Friends
October 5, 2025

She grabbed her head with both hands and screamed. She wasn't having it anymore. Not this bullshit, not anybody's, not ever again.
She stood quickly, much faster than he might've anticipated, and screamed in his face, every corner of her expression maximally taut. Then she grabbed him by the hair and by the ear and did it even louder, a scream that would probably start to shred her vocal chords if she carried it on too long. He was no longer thinking about this, though; her grip hurt. She'd suddenly become a lot stronger than but a few minutes earlier.
He grabbed her wrists and tried to stand, but she let go of his ear and struck him on the side of the head: once, twice, thrice in quick succession. He stumbled off the chair and, while he tried to find his bearings, she threw a kick at his midsection. It was a wild kick that didn't connect, her heel missing his sweater by under an inch. Then she made a sound that fell somewhere between a growl and a mumble, looked down at him with crazed eyes, and stormed out of the room, the door slamming shut behind her.
She strode down the hall directionless. Some still-sane operator in the back of her mind determined that the staircase was a better move than the elevator, so she found herself descending a dozen halogen-lit floors' worth of concrete steps, and then she was in the lobby. The doorman looked at her but said nothing, knowing better than to greet anybody carrying themselves like that. The street followed, and she went north.
* * *
He slowly got up and tried to stand, but the pain in his head was too fierce for it. Nobody else was watching, so it wouldn't be showing weakness: he let himself fall onto the chair and soon found his head in his hands, his position imitating hers from just a few moments earlier. There would be no outburst from him, of course. He wondered if she'd done any permanent damage to his head; if she had, all bets were off. But he shouldn't assume the worst just yet.
He knew he'd have to get this checked. Immediately. He'd read about head trauma several times in the past, and knew how important a speedy reaction was. He gave it a few minutes and then tried to stand, but almost fell to the ground and saw a sea of floating purple spots before him. This was no good. He had to get help, had to get it immediately, and he couldn't sleep until it came.
He took stock of the room he was in. The phone was against the wall, under the mirror. The oval mirror. He'd go over there and get it. He'd place a call.
Could he stand? Maybe not, but there was another chair along the way that he could hop to. Maybe if he moved that one...
He took a few deep breaths and stood neither quickly slowly. The spots came back, as did the dizziness, but he focused on the other chair, and was proud to find himself buying a few seconds. He grabbed this chair, moved it  to where the phone sat on the desk, and collapsed on the second chair. He had a vision of falling over and then having to pick the chair and himself, but he was fortunately able to retain his balance.
After a few minutes of nursing his injury in semi-fetal sitting position, he felt for the phone—eyes still closed—and handset in hand chanced a look at the device. He dialed the number, grateful that he still had his coordination, and then held on to the furniture as the phone rang.
She picked up on the second ring. "Hello?"
"It's David. She attacked me. Come."
"Shit. Are you alright?"
"Come," he repeated. He placed the handset back in its cradle and went into a comfortable position to wait for Shelley. Everything swam around him.
* * *
She marched six blocks before her fury began to mellow, and another three before she slowed down, stopped, and leaned against the entrance to a building. She suddenly realized that she was about to feel very tired. She'd never been that angry, not in her life. She'd just crossed multiple streets without looking and plowed through complete strangers while barreling down the street. And she'd attacked him. She'd attacked Jim. She remembered it roughly, through what felt like a green-tinted haze.
She was out. She was out, she was out, what now?! Marcia had been egging her on to leave the whole thing, and though she'd never expected something this violent, she'd be all for what had just transpired.
Would she, though? Marcia was a crazy bitch, and there were benefits to that, but she wasn't really a loyal friend. Now that she'd done this and broken the eggshell, she needed somebody dependable. Now. Somebody with somewhere to hide and make a good decision from.
Joanie. Yes, Joanie would do. He'd at least take her in, maybe for a day or two. Feed her. He was a good guy, Joanie. And discreet, which was 80% of everything right now.
She got her bearings, figured out where she was, thought that she might walk, and then thought the better of it and hailed a taxi. She was on her way within a couple of minutes, the exhaustion starting to set in as she watched other passersby out the window.
* * *
"Oh, Christ. David. Crap. Are you alright, can you stand?"
He just grunted and kept his position, so she kneeled before him.
"Do you want a doctor? Do you want an ambulance?"
He nodded several times, lightly but clearly. This scared her more than anything else; he would never involve external parties, particularly those with ties to the authorities, unless it was really bad.
"Alright. We'll make something up. I'll call an ambulance right now."
"Wait," he said, his voice hardly above a whisper. "Call the ambulance with a fake-sounding voice. Wipe your prints. Leave."
"Got it," she said. Then she followed his instructions to the letter, as she'd learned to always do, and was gone from the building by the time the nearest ambulance started making its way there.
* * *
He knew that he could always count on Shelley. It was tough to tell if he was getting worse or better better, but at least it wasn't getting much worse. He'd not blacked out, and the pain hadn't driven thoughts from his mind. It was very great pain, though. He did his best to stay perfectly still and not do anything that might make the searing on under his temple worse.
She'd struck him with enormous violence, with true hatred. He'd never anticipated that she might do such a thing, even toward the end, when she started to show signs of internal resistance. He was sure he had her. Until just a couple of days ago, she'd been perfect. But then she'd started to display hints of defiance and tiredness.
He should've bailed then. Just left her alone, vanished. It was a possibility he'd always contemplated, but after almost half a dozen successful plays, perhaps he'd become arrogant and complacent. His past self had wired warnings and escape plans into everything, but he'd been a damned fool and somehow decided that he could manage her.
Now maybe he was fucked. Was this permanent damage? Was it just surface nerves, or the brain itself? Would he lose himself? Pain forever?
Calm down, Dave. They'll be here soon.
* * *
Joanie didn't answer the doorbell. Not the first time, not the second time, not the third. This didn't mean he wasn't in, of course; there was a lot of noise out on the street, but she thought she heard his Gregorian Metal, or whatever he was calling it now, above the din. He'd never hear the bell over it.
A move from a movie or book came to mind. She hit every doorbell and waited; when somebody answered, she mumbled something incoherent. Nothing happened the first time, but the second time the buzzer rang, and she was able to push the door open.

[Author's notes: I wrote this with a bad cold, tired, and a bit feverish; talking myself into the task took a bit of self-coaxing. I didn't think much would come of it. Instead, this flowed well, and I was easily able to visualize all the parallel scenarios. I'm not exactly sure what David was up to with her (I have an idea, but no need to share it), and I'm intrigued to know how the story continues. // Editing notes: I think just having read the 10th Jack Reacher novel had some influence on this. Also, I listened to 80s-90s J-Pop all the way through writing it.]
