30 Minutes Human # 00057
Kidnapped, Prisoner, Automatons, Discovery, Tool
October 14, 2025

They took me when I was eleven.
The trauma must’ve impacted my memory in some way, because there’s a break. I remember my childhood pretty clearly, it becomes hazy around age ten, and then I don’t really remember anything—short of a depressing mishmash of greys and browns in the same place, the mop, the bucket—until thirteen or so.
I suppose it could be worse. I could’ve forgotten everything from before, and just known that there was something “wrong” (or not even that), but instead I remember being a kid and being happy. I remember my parents, I think. The house, the school, and a couple of friends in particular.
It’s been so long that I don’t know how to feel about things. The people who took me are long gone, either departed or simply dead, and all I have now is this dismal community of sad-faced automatons that just sit around, do their daily tasks, discuss meaningless events, eat, and sleep.
I don’t want to be here. In that I think I differ from the others, whom I’m willing to bet have already given up on ever getting out of the Hourglass. I don’t know if they were ever like me, or were born without hope, or lost their hope when their own memories shattered. I’d like to think that I’ll never be like them.
Sometimes I even miss Francis. Not miss-miss, of course, given everything he did to me and the way he treated everybody and made us feel, but miss the variety of it, the unpredictability of day-to-day life with him around. I didn’t realize it back then, but he made life in this hole feel a little more like living and less like just “being”.
I don’t think any of us regrets what we did to him. Maybe I regret not landing an earlier blow, but that was a matter of seconds. And the memory of what happened helps me retain a shadow of a possibility that these people around me aren’t as hopeless as generally feel they are. You see, that night nobody was an automaton. Francis didn’t stand a chance.
* * *
I leave my shack on a certain morning, bucket in hand, headed toward the far well, when Bieni stops me. People in the Hourglass communicate subtly, and it wasn’t hard to get used to. He sees where I’m going and minimally adjusts his position so as to be in my way.
“What?” I ask him, with all the pleasantness of an ill-paid public restroom janitor.
He nudges his head as an indication that I should follow him. I shrug and nod. I’ve become more trusting since Francis died, not because these people are necessarily more trustworthy, but because I’m not too worried about any of these people down here with me. If there arises cause for worry, it’s probably too late to fix by that point.
Bieni leads me past the well, where I leave my pail for when I return, to a spot by the near wall. As with any place in the Hourglass, it’s an area I’m familiar with.
“Look,” he says, slapping a place on the wall. This is unusual, given that Bieni almost never talks, and when he talks, it’s out of absolute necessity. For him to throw a word out both casually and unnecessarily, something remarkable must be going on. My bucket and the well are no longer front-of-mind.
I look carefully for a few seconds, but nothing evidently stands out. After a while I ask, “What?”
“Listen.”
He slaps the wall again. Once, twice, thrice. It sounds like a normal slap, but to make sure that I’m not missing anything, I slap the wall myself. Nothing unusual about it.
He again indicates that I should pay attention. Bieni moves his hand over the wall, two or perhaps three feet up and to the side, and slaps again.
The sound is hollow.
“Whoa, alright. What?”
He slaps again, and it’s hollow again. But when he moves his hand a short distance away, the sound returns to being flat. He’s evidently identified a very particular spot on the wall.
“Is it unique? How big is it?”
He says nothing. Bieni is done talking, apparently. All of this was very odd, given that he used two separate words that there was no real need to use, but he has other ways of communicating.
Bieni pulls a chunk of chalk from his pocket and draws a circle on the wall. The meaning is clear enough: that area there, no bigger than a normal head and a half, is hollow. Nothing else is.
“Did you check the entire wall?” I ask, indicating the Hourglass around us. The way he shakes his head and scrunches his mouth to the side tells me that he didn’t, but then he opens his arms wide and highlights a significant portion of the wall. Alright, so he checked a good part of it.
I go through possible moves from here. I could slap around the indicated area, or I could go around slapping the wall of the Hourglass, or I could just take his word for it. I think I’ll go with that third option. Which leaves the question of “What now?”
And “Why me?” That’s an important one, but not a difficult one. I don’t know much about their interactions, since I’ve always been a bit excluded for what passes for Hourglass society, but I figure that I’ve always been seen as something of an odd bird. Rebellious. A bit of a rabble-rouser.
It’s nice to be considered for something like this, though. I smile at him and nod. My smiles aren’t as rare as his words, or at least not my sincere smiles, but I want to believe that he values it, because I see what could potentially be, in the farthest extremes of considerations, a hint of a smile in his eyes.
“Do we break it? Smash the wall?”
He looks at it for a moment, as if he’d not been considering this very question since he made the discovery, and nods.
“Wait, when did you discover this?”
He hops in place a couple of times, which tells me that he’s excited. He’s considering speaking. Then: “Three weeks.”
I’m floored. He’s had this in mind for a couple of weeks? And I’m the first one he tells? Hell yeah we’re smashing this wall.
“Wait here,” I tell him. I return toward my shack, making a detour to pick the bucket up, and have it in hand before I even realize how far I’ve walked. I have to moderate my pace when I get into the village, given that I don’t want any of these zombies to become suspicious. Nobody’s ever peppy in the Hourglass. Well, I am, sometimes. But never this peppy.
The bucket goes in its spot, and out comes the cudgel. It’s been reinforced with leather and bits of metal on the head, so it should be hard enough for something like what we plan to do. Would I risk breaking my cudgel, though?
I look at it for a long moment. It’s what I used on Francis when I finally had enough. It was the beginning of his end.
No, I wouldn’t break the cudgel.
I go around the back and get one of the bricks from there, and then realize that I’m being a damn fool. I can just use one of the boulders from outside; there are several within a few steps of the spot on the wall. Why did I even come here?
I guess I needed to have a moment with myself. Something big could be about to happen. Maybe nothing, of course, but the smallest something is a big something in this place.

[Author’s notes: About 75% of the way in I became really sleep, so I took a ~15min nap. Shouldn’t have done that, but the plane of attention/narration was about to crash. I’m intrigued by this world.]
