30 Minutes Human # 00064
Vampires, Shirt, Wine, Spill, Solution
October 28, 2025

Why he wasn't seeing his reflection in the mirror was the least of his concerns. Yes, he was a vampire. There was nothing wrong with being a vampire, not really. There were plenty of those around.
His issue was with the stain on his shirt. He'd spilt almost a full glass of Chateau Le Riffe 1413 on himself. That vintage there were only four (now three) bottles of in the world, so he had maybe 6% of the entire planet's supply on his garment.
That was bad enough. What was worse was that his shirt, a puffy and overlaced item recently designed by Marjorette Latfleau, was one-of-a-kind. The horned silk it was woven from made it a spectacular, unique specimen; this much horned silk called for at least twelve hundred acres of cornet caterpillars working day and night for a century, and given the measly amount of land globally dedicated to generating this viciously overpriced fabric... well.
"René, what is it?" called Sylvie from outside. She'd seen him get up in a huff and storm off, but didn't know why. It was a wonder that she didn't, but for that he had Tronne to thank. The man had flown in to pick up the glass and prevent any more chaos from taking place at a speed that always surprised René. Had he been just a moment faster, he might've prevented the spill altogether.
He almost smacked himself on the forehead; Tronne was a vampire as well. Of course, that was it. Tronne had always been a vampire. Now that he'd had a week or two to digest his new reality, any number of things were falling into place. Tronne had groomed him.
Whatever. Fuck Tronne. Fuck the vampire duchess, fuck all of it. He wasn't a fancy creature, one of the types that delighted in fine things and in finding oneself superior to most or even to all. He was just René from Annecy, thank you very much, and he was wearing a goddamn mess.
Wearing a goddamn mess. That was it... that was it! The wine that he could still stiffly smell on himself was extraordinary. The shirt that he'd just ruined (horned silk was unforgivingly absorbent) was fantastic, truly awesome in every sense of the word. But it was the combination thereof, of wine and shirt, that stood at another level. There would NEVER be something like it again. Nobody would willingly waste neither the wine nor the silk. But he'd ruined both, it was done... and now he'd turn a catastrophe into a masterpiece.
A masterpiece that would be hers.
"Sylv. Sylvie," he called.
"Yes?"
"I need you to do two things. One, ask Tronne to come. And two, go up to my closet and bring me a nice shirt. A very nice one, something I might wear to a unique evening. And Sylvie."
"Yes?"
"Make absolutely sure that nobody notices you with the shirt. Sylvie."
"Yes?"
"Nobody."
"I got it. Okay."
He listened to her walk off and looked down at himself. The breeches, boots, belt—all of that could be ignored, thrown away. In fact, he'd need fresh replacements of each for tonight. Of course, he could've just waited until Tronne arrived and asked him for all of the clothing he needed to change, but he wanted her to know what was going on. She would be a part of what was about to happen no less than he was.
He turned his attention to the enormous stain, looking at it directly and in the reflection in the mirror. He started to get an idea of what shape it would have, and it excited him greatly. It looked both like a province he'd once traveled to, and like a certain character of "higher blood" whose snide remarks he'd never cared for.
Of course, if you looked at it another way and another way, it looked terrible, it looked exciting, it looked like a thousand possibilities rolled into one. It was already a masterpiece, and although he'd never claim credit for it, he was its auteur.
Tronne was standing right next to him. He'd always thought the man silent, but now that the secret was out (Tronne evidently no longer cared that René knew of his true nature), the man was a slinky and undetectable little fox. René wondered just old the man was, or if he himself even remembered.
Surely he remembered. Tronne remembered everything.
He gave his butler quiet, urgent instructions and went back to examining himself. The man returned within a couple of minutes with all of a new outfit in his arms, minus shirt.
René had almost finished dressing himself when he heard Sylvie's voice from outside.
"Darling, I have the shirt."
René glanced at Tronne quickly, and the butler read the look without hesitation. He soon returned with a beautiful Japanese silk chemise.
Triumphantly, the newly anointed vampire emerged from the restroom a few minutes later. Sylvie's eyes shone by his very presence, and he once again craved, as he'd lately much craved, turning her at the end of the year. For now, unfortunately, her adoring gaze would have to do.
"My beautiful artist," he said. He took her by the hand and had her twirl, then held her at arms' length and regarded the young beauty. "I have your greatest creation with me."
"My greatest creation?"
"I will share it with you tomorrow after breakfast. It shall be our little cheat; of all the art you've made, it will be the most spoken about for all time"—indeed for all time, he thought—"even if it's the only one you didn't create yourself."
"I don't understand, René." She was looking at him skeptically, which was worthy of note given the magnetic effect his new self had on her. "I make all my art."
"Not this one, my precious. This is a brilliant statement about luxury, excess, and the very dawn of life. Your other works have arrived in you through your soul, but this one will come to you through your hands."
He led her down the hall with the gleaming black-and-yellow-rhombus floor, and then up the aubergine staircase. Tronne followed, spoilt shirt in hand and unheard.

[Author's notes: I think Sylvie could be a great character if given a chance. Not sure how I feel about René; is he a tool or a rogue? I had a great mental image of them going down the hallway at the end, one perhaps a bit inspired by the animated Castlevania on Netflix.]
