30 Minutes Human # 00058
God, Little Girl, Leukemia, Farewells, Relatives
October 15, 2025

"What if I don't want to die?"
God looked at her tenderly. It was a question He received often, but in this case it came from a particularly pure soul, one that might've done a great many fine things if life had been longer.
Unfortunately, this was what the music had in store for her. Merely eight years. Much more than many, if not much more than most, but given what they lived to nowadays, it felt like a blink of an eye.
"It's rare for somebody to want to die, Alicia. Rare if they're sound of mind and spirit, at least. Life is an extraordinary gift, and parting from it willingly isn't the norm."
Alicia nodded. She was smart and thoughtful, and although she might've described herself as selfish if asked about her personality flaws, she was much more generous than they generally came at that age.
"You're sure it doesn't hurt?"
"I'll make sure it doesn't. My treat." He wanted to do something special for this one, and this felt a low bar, but at least it was a starting point. Maybe He'd do more later.
"Alright. I know you can't lie, my mommy told me. And my aunt. She talks about you a lot."
Alicia's aunt had some dark secrets in her past, and God knew that much of what she said around her niece was out of the underlying concern that the girl's leukemia was somehow karma for her misdeeds.
"So, shall we?" said God.
"Yes, but I'd like to ask one more question." She looked up at him with her huge black eyes.
"Of course. What is it?"
"Why'd you make parrots green with red shoulders?"
God laughed. It was both a deep laugh and a light melodic laugh, and it echoed on walls that weren't there. God laughed less often these days, so angels wondered who had elicited such mirth from the Father.
"I wanted to help them hide from predators. From eagles and hawks, for instance. With this coloring, they blend into the trees and plants and are harder to see from above."
"That's smart. Thanks!" Alicia looked satisfied.
There being little more to discuss, God took her hand and they walked off down the path.
* * *
He did something else for her: he gave her a chance to say goodbye. She was soon going to fade away painlessly, but he allowed her, and thus the women of her life, to say their goodbyes properly.
There was her aunt, who didn't stop crying the entire time and eventually had to leave the hospital room. She'd thought that she'd made peace with her past sins, but Alicia's condition had brought everything up rawer and more painful than she'd ever known it, and she realized that she'd been living in Hell all this time, and that the fire had finally come for what it was owed.
"Auntie. Come," Alicia whispered. She didn't have much strength left in her body, and a conversation with her now involved nearness of tongue and ear.
"What is it, princess? Are you feeling better?" The aunt could barely contain her facial muscles as she looked into the increasingly dim light in her niece's eyes.
"Auntie, don't think it's your fault," whispered the dying girl.
The aunt's voice caught in her throat, and only love allowed her to keep the conversation going.
"W-what?"
"This isn't your fault, Auntie. Don't worry."
"What do you mean?"
"I just know. Thanks for being so much fun. I love you." Alicia lightly squeezed her aunt's hand. The aunt managed to nod, stand up, and take a few steps toward the room door before releasing a drop of the torrent of sob that had been building up within her. That she was able to make it outside before collapsing in a silent wail spoke to the peace she wanted to give the little one.
* * *
"Nance. You so funny."
"You so funny," echoed Nancy, her neighbor. Nancy had worked at a children's hospital for many years, so she was better used to this situation than anybody else around. She'd always been annoyed by the fact that the clichéd line 'It doesn't get any easier' was so accurate. This was always hell.
"Tell me a joke," requested Alicia. They'd become friends a few months earlier, when a chance meeting between the erstwhile nurse and Alicia's mother had resulted in her meeting the sick child.
"Well, a polar bear walks into a bar. He says 'I'll have...'" Nancy stopped talking and just stared at Alicia for a few seconds. Then she added, "'... a Coke.'"
Alicia's eyebrows went up. Despite the miserable way she had to be feeling, she was still a sucker for a good punchline.
Nancy continued. "The bartender asks, 'What's with the pause?' The bear responds 'These? I was born with them.'" Nancy held her hands up and looked at them in mock wonder as she delivered the last line.
Alicia was too low on energy to laugh, but she whispered a chuckle and, through a tiny smile that felt the size of the Moon to Nancy, said, "You're the best. I hope you don't miss me too much. I'll miss you."
Nancy leaned in, doing a remarkable job at keeping her composure, and said "I can't miss you. I already got you." She kissed the little girl's forehead, pressed her thumb where she'd kissed her, and walked out of the room without looking back.
Alicia's grandmother was next; it was only the two of them and Alicia's mom in the room. She went up to the bed and sat by her granddaughter.
"You remember all the adventures we said we had together, Allie?"
The older woman had given birth when she was barely a teenager, so she was young for a grandmother. She'd indeed expected that Alicia and she would go on hikes, explore new cities, and build wonderful things together, but that was not to be. She'd not allowed the cancer to be an impediment, however, and had taken the task of reading her granddaughter at least two books per month since the illness revealed itself.
The adventures in those pages, and the child's reaction to them, she would carry in her heart for years yet, until she was ready to walk the path of light herself.
"And we did! I loved Twenty Thousand Leagues Under the Sea. That Captain Nemo!" said Alicia airily.
"I love Captain Nemo. He's one of my favorites."
"I'm glad we didn't watch the movie, Grandma. I want to imagine him as you described him, always."

[Author's notes: I don't know where this came from, what a gut punch. I'm on a plane right now (it's 11:27pm), and had a tough phone conversation with somebody very close to me right before boarding (nothing about anything remotely resembling the plot here, fortunately), so maybe that served as a bit of a downer, but even so. I do think it was well written, but we'll see how it feels upon editing it.]
