30 Minutes Human # 00056
Rabbit, Late, Bus, Purple Eartips, Boss
October 13, 2025

You wake up and see that you’re late. You’re very, very damn late. And time waits for no rabbit.
You’re out of bed and out of your jammy top within ten seconds, and the shower takes little more than a minute. Just enough for the soap and the ‘poo, because those can’t be lacking, and then a rinse, of course. You were late once and arrived unrinsed, and that was uncontemplably embarrassing.
You throw on whatever shirt’s on top of the pile, and as sometimes happens, you’re fleetingly grateful for your organization system. No need to think things through, just throw on clothes and GO!
Breakfast? Nah. But as you run out of the bedroom, wallet and other necessaries in-pocket, you pause for a moment and pluck a carrot from the basket, think even better of it, pour a large drink of water into the nearest mug that you find, and down it in one gulp. Ugh, that one had a smidgen of orange soda in it. Wrong mug choice. But whatever, you’re hydrated now.
The stairs down you take three steps at a time and then you’re out on the street, glancing toward the corner, and lo and behold, the bus is pulling up. The right bus—you always double-check after that time you ended up by the cemetery. Golly, maybe you won’t be late after all. Small favors.
You bound across the street, looking only to the right while hoping nobody’s speeding in from the left. Nobody does. You wave at the bus driver in some panic, but then see that there are still a few people boarding. You made it. Gawddamn, you made it.
You look at the other passengers—two ferrets, a gopher, and the rest humans—for a flash of feat-recognition, but nobody knows, of course. Nor would they care about your victory in speed, going from bed to bus in under six minutes. One for the books, you ken.
The bus journey goes uneventfully, and as you check your pocket-watch upon entering the building, you see that you’re three minutes early. What a miracle. You have one more fleeting thought for Jen-Jen and his dumb idea to stay up until 4 looking at shooting stars, and then you put it out of mind. No strikes today. Clean!
As you walk past Dixie and Menlie and say hello they start to greet you back, but then pause-mid phrase and stare at your ears. You catch it. What’s wrong? You consider going back to ask them, but that would be no good. The restroom mirror ahead is just as handy and much quieter about its observations.
Pewter’s in the restroom, washing his face. This is new; he was probably up late as well. He looks at you, glances up at your ears, then returns his attention to the washbasin. 
The mirror shows that the tips of your ears are purple and that there’s something hanging from the right one. What—you fear for a moment that it might be one of Labb’s naughties, but it’s just a hat band from a few nights ago. Alright, messy. But not intolerably so.
“What’s with the purple?” asks Pewter. You give him a closer look and note that the bags under his eyes are deep.
“You don’t want to know. Want to help me clean them?”
He glances at you directly. “No, man. Hell no.”
“Alright, then maybe go back home, sleep another four hours, hydrate, and undrink whatever the hell you got into last night instead.”
The mole chuckles, dries his face, and leaves the restroom for another day on the grind.
So what’s the deal with this purple stuff? You weren’t terribly crazy yesterday and remember the entire night. Do you? Yes, you remember the entire night. It was late, but it was fine. And there was no purple dye involved.
You reach up for your ear tips and touch them into the water. The purple doesn’t come off on your paws. It doesn’t wash off, either. Some water goes grape-colored momentarily, but most of it remains on your ear fur. What the hell is this?
Also, why didn’t you see it when you showered? That goes without answering, you muse.
Alright. What sounds credible? Looks like medical dye, maybe. Sure. That’ll do. And one can plausibly have a medical appointment before work.
The hat band? Excusable. It wasn’t there when you left the house. Serious face, Wilmey-boy. Let’s go to work.
Peppers is right outside the restroom door. He’s looking at some paperwork with Menlie, glances up when you emerge (on time!), then does a double take when he sees the tips of your ears. His eyebrows rise a touch.
“Mr. Peppers, good morning. Menlie.”
Menlie smiles. Peppers just looks at you, and when you’re almost around the corner, says, “Wilmey, a moment please.”
180-degree turn.
“Yes, Mr. Peppers?”
“Long night last night?” he asks, with a pointed look upwards.
“Long night, no—oh, this?” you ask, a bit befuddled.
“Yes, Wilmey. That.”
You drop your voice by a couple of decibels. “Mr. Peppers, we rabbits need to have our ear-tips treated like this occasionally. Our hide up there can become very dry. Even crack.”
“None of my previous rabbits ever came in looking like a felt-tip pen,” he observes unpleasantly.
“Mr. Peppers, your previous rabbits were some time ago, correct? This is a new treatment, I understand. Yes sir.” You nod at yourself.
His face darkens a bit, but your story sounds credible enough, and you fortunately don’t smell of bottle. You like human expressions for frustration, particularly when it’s authority frustrated with you, and very particularly when you can walk away without consequence. As may be the case here.
“Right, Wilmey. Get to work.” He returns to the papers he was reviewing. You glance at Menlie, who grins with her eyes, and then stride into the cubicle farm, pep in your step. You not only made an extraordinary save with the bus, but you bamboozled Peppers with a credible story. Hell yeah—this is what a Wednesday should be like.
There’s the question of your purple ear-tips, of course. You should probably figure that one out soon.

[Author’s notes: It’s been a bit of time since I wrote early in the morning, before breakfast, as I’m supposedly always doing. It just flows so, so much better. Gotta get up a bit earlier again, force those couple dozen minutes.]
